Fire Style: Fireball Jutsu!
Uh...
It is over! The winner is Sarada
Uchiha!
[giggles]
[cheering]
Should-a researched more! We're
growing stronger every
single day!
Don't you dare underestimate us
Leaf Shinobi!
Now, show me! Show me your
power!
I quit.
[gasp]
[grunt]
Damn you... But why?
[cheering]
If we were to continue any
further than we did, it might
inconvenience my parent.
What I want is to stay here...
You can definitely win this
Boruto! I know it!
Give it everything you have
Boruto!
And don't go losing to Shinki-
or to Sarada either!
You defeated me, so the least
that you can do is to keep on
winning!
And if you don't win, you'll be
paying for the pity party, you
got it?
Uh, wow, you guys...
[chuckle]
Yeah! Just leave it to me!
[cheering]
And now... The Chunin Exams
final round begins!
[cheering]
I made it this far...
I definitely can't lose now!
There's no way!
[cheering]
(ROCK LEE) Boruto Uzumaki of the
Hidden Leaf.
Sarada Uchiha of the Hidden
Leaf.
Shinki of the Hidden Sand.
[cheering]
The final match is in battle
royale format.
The last of these three
competitors left standing...
will be declared the winner!
[cheering]
And now...
Begin!
[cheering]
Ah, so he's gonna attack both of
them at once, huh?
What is he, an idiot? It's a
three-way battle. Doing that is
only inviting his own defeat.
Or it could have another
meaning, as well... that he's
confident about himself.
My jutsu is good against
multiple opponents at once.
It's easy for me to take you
both on at the same time!
He's underestimating us...
(SARADA) Hey, Boruto!
Huh?
[grunt]
He's really strong. You wanna
join forces?
And we'll get some payback for
Mitsuki!
There's that, too...
But it's also personal. This is
our turf.
It'd be disgraceful for two
Leaf Shinobi to lose here.
We can't let the Five Kage see
that!
I really couldn't care less
about that!
But, yeah! I'm with you!
I can't lose, either!
But if we attack at the same
time, we might not be sure who
took him down.
If there's an opening, just go
ahead and take it. So...
I guess that we have a united
front!
Fine by me.
I'll show you that you can't
destroy my impenetrable Iron
Wall.
Is that so? Well, let's test it
out!
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
Fire Style! Fireball Justu!
[grunts]
Oh, wow! Those two sure do have
some awesome moves!
But they're facing a strong foe
who hasn't even gotten a scratch
yet!
Don't forget, they've teamed up
now! I'm sure they'll pull it
off!
Well... they'd better! Or I'm
gonna look like a fool.
[cheering]
[gasp]
What is that?!
I already told you...
...my Iron Wall's impenetrable.
Oh, I see... I wasn't expecting
this...
Huh, that fighting style reminds
me of someone...
Hmph!
The Black Iron Fist, Shinki's
favorite jutsu, it can be used
to both attack and defend.
It can attack and defend? Which
means that-!
What the-?!
Now, Black Iron Fist...
...Eject!
[gasps]
[grunt]
[grunts]
[gasp]
[pained grunt]
[pained grunts and groans]
[grunt and gasp]
[grunt]
Sarada...!
[gasp] Is she okay?
Of course she is! The battle's
just begun.
Yeah! Knowing the two of them,
they've probably got something
in mind already!
Damn it! What is that... that
stringy stuff that's connected
to them?
An electromagnetic field!
Elctro what...?
We learned about it at the
Academy.
You manipulate Iron Sand with a
magnetic field.
That's the way you change its
shape and control it.
Where'd you find a Magnet Style
user like that?
An electromagnetic field...?
Then... if we hit it with
Lightning Style, do you think
that would work?
Didn't you see his match against
Mitsuki?!
Lightning Style:
Snake Lightning!
A superficial Lightning Style
wouldn't even make him blink.
[chuckle] Alright, then how
about this?
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
Lightning Style!
Sarada, you, too!
Oh, yeah! I get it...!
Lightning Style!
Lightning Ball!
I'll call this...
Improvised Secret Technique!
Lightning Ball Shuriken Jutsu!
One-handed?!
The concept isn't too bad...
But still... for this level of
Lightning Style, one hand's
plenty.
[gasps]
Whoa, no way...!
Let me show you the difference
in our power.
[grunts]
[gasps and struggling]
Oh, man... This could mean the
end of the finals.
No way!
Come on, Boruto! Fight back!
This is really not good...
Oh. My, my... Is the Sand gonna
win this?
Even though it's two against
one? That would be just
pitiful...
As you just saw... Naruto, I do
feel bad, but...
[grunt]
[struggling]
I said nothing would suit me
better, right?
The difference in our power's
unmistakable...
and I'm proving that for all the
Five Villages to see.
My father overestimates the
Hidden Leaf... because of his
respect for his friend...
the Seventh Hokage.
For my dad?!
I'm simply proving it to him
now...
...more than the Leaf, more than
the Hokage's son...
I, to whom my father passed all
his knowledge, am the one who
truly excels!
[struggling and pained groan]
[grunting] Like hell you are!
Ahhh!
[surprised grunt]
Alright, Young Lord, what are
you doing? Why delay?
Now...
Shadow Clone Jutsu...
[grunt]
[struggling]
[straining] Sarada!
[struggling and gasp]
Fireball Jutsu!
[inhale and blow]
I see! While the Iron Sand hands
are occupied...!
[sigh]
[gasps]
[grunt]
We're free!
But what do we do?! My chakra
is...
Don't be such a wimp! He's in
the exact same position, too!
One more time, like before!
Uh...!
Is he going to use it...?!
(SHINKI) Unfortunately...
You have no more chances.
[quiet breath]
[gasp]
With my father watching, I'll
prove that the Sand is superior
to the Hidden Leaf.
First you, daughter of Uchiha!
[quivered breath]
Iron Sand: Black Iron Wings!
Don't underestimate me!
Wait, that's... [gasp]
[grunts]
Sarada!
[gasp]
Ahhh!
Oh no...
No, that can't be real...
[grunt]
Sarada Uchiha cannot continue!
The Iron Sand that I cemented to
your body earlier acts as a
homing beacon.
As you can see... there's no way
you could ever dodge it.
Damn it... how dare you...!
And now it's one on one. Just as
I thought...
the Hidden Leaf are nothing
without their Lord Seventh.
What's that?!
My foes in the semifinals were
the same.
I guess when you grow up
protected by the Hokage, this is
what happens.
Sh-shut up! You don't know
anything!
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
Is he gonna do his Boruto
Stream?!
Th-That's too reckless, Boruto!
He's used up almost all of his
chakra, too...
Want to keep fighting till the
end? Fine by me.
Then I'll show you what
devastating defeat is like!
Whatever!
Boruto...
Black Iron...
...Stream!
...Wings!
[grunts]
[straining]
Boruto!
Boruto...
Oh, Boruto...
Boruto!
[straining] Damn it! I'm not
gonna let you...
...look down on us!
[straining]
With the strength I have now...
I can't...
Greater strength will be
required from here on out.
Don't let this get you down.
Take your time, build up your
strength.
In time, you'll be able to use
powerful jutsu.
[gasp]
Well, "in time..."
...isn't gonna work for me...
I gotta...
...show my dad... right now...
...that I... can do this!
Purple Lightning!
What?!
How did-?!
Ahhh!
[pained grunt]
[heavy breathing]
(ROCK LEE) It is over!
The winner, uh...
...I mean champion is Boruto
Uzumaki!
[cheering]
He did it! Boruto actually did
it!
[chuckle] Yeah! Way to go!
I always had absolute faith that
he was going to pull it off!
[gasps]
He did it!
Can you believe that it was
Boruto who took him down and not
Sarada?
[chuckle] How many tricks does
he have up his sleeve anyway?!
When did he manage to master
Lord Sixth's technique?
Big Brother won! He won! Did you
see that?!
Yes... he did...
[gasp] I won?
Really...?!
[chuckle]
[chuckles]
[chuckle] Yeah!
Huh?
What's with the Hokage?
I bet he's so proud, he couldn't
help going down there himself!
Now there's a doting parent for
you!
Hmmm...
[chuckle] Hm?
Dad, did you see me?!
I actually won!
[gasp]
[worried groan]
Well? Explain yourself. Go on.
[chattering]
[nervous chuckle and groan]
This is...
Boruto Uzumaki has used a
Scientific Ninja Tool...
which is prohibited in the
Chunin Exams.
What-- scientific?!
Please try to catch them! They
knocked me out and then they
stole my magnum opus!
Clearly you bratty kids are in a
situation that's over your
heads.
Wait, haven't I seen that thing
before?
With this Shinobi Gauntlet you
can use jutsu without using your
own chakra.
And also you can use other
people's jutsu!
It defeats the Exam's purpose of
showing your true strength.
Lee, Boruto Uzumaki is
disqualified.
We'll have to figure out how to
revise the results...
What happened to Big Brother?
Did he do something bad?
[sigh] Boruto...
[grunt] He's been exposed. Well,
we have no choice but to act
now.
(ROCK LEE) Boruto Uzumaki has
been disqualified for using an
illegal ninja tool!
Wow, I can't believe he'd do
something like that...
[sigh] Oh, man... that idiot
kid's dragging the Hokage's name
through the mud...
(SHIKADAI) Boruto!
[gasp]
Why'd you do it?
I mean... You didn't... when we
fought, did you?
It's not... like that...
[taken aback] Boruto...
[chatter and heckling]
Just quit! Ya phony!
Really?! Trying to win by
cheating?!
You're a disgrace to the Leaf!
[disappointed groans]
[sighs]
So now what will you do, Boruto?
You're no longer a ninja
either...
Come with me.
We'll talk later.
[grunt]
[gasp]
Really? You'll talk to me later?
Yeah, right. Like you'd actually
make the time to do that, dad!
If you'd talked to me before
this...
[quivered breath] I...
Then I...
I wouldn't have ended up in this
damn mess!
(KATASUKE) He's right, you know.
Boruto wasn't able to win, and
we're all very disappointed
about that, Lord Seventh.
Katasuke...
To be honest, I really wanted to
make this announcement after he
won.
Listen, everyone! Yes, it's true
that Boruto used a Scientific
Ninja Tool!
I know such things are
prohibited here...
but there's no denying that this
tool made it possible for him to
reach this point!
So, all of you from the Hidden
Leaf- and beyond... please...
consider implementing this
scientific Ninja Tool!
Enough, Katasuke!
Hey, what are you doing, Old
Man?
[sigh]
This is simply the optimum stage
for the optimum tester.
Please don't take all of this
too hard, Young Lord!
What've I...
[gasp]
[chuckling]
It seems I've finally found
you...
(NARUTO) Are you related to
Kaguya Otsutsuki?!
(MOMOSHIKI) I am Momoshiki
Otsutsuki. I belong to the same
clan as Kaguya.
(NARUTO) Just what do you want
here?
(MOMOSHIKI) Why, you, of course!
You're the one who has the
strongest chakra.
Yes, that's right. Our mission
is to...
(BORUTO) Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations: "The
Otsutsuki Invasion"
(MOMOSHIKI) ...collect the
chakra scattered from the Chakra
Fruit and revive the Divine...
Tree!